Update quickstart.rst for windows installation (#6105)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/getting-started/quickstart.rst

.. note::

    On Windows, you have to open up the conda environment file and delete the

>     lines with ``healpy``. This is an optional dependencies that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    line with ``healpy``. This is an optional dependency that
```
